[EDU-6280] feature: add Fields reference for Consumption dataset (#1544)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/api-graphql/features/consumption-fields.mdx

---
title: Consumption GraphQL API Fields
description: >-
  Explore detailed fields and descriptions for the Consumption GraphQL API
  dataset on Azion, including usage data for Azion products.
permalink: /documentation/devtools/graphql-api/features/gql-consumption-fields/
meta_tags: >-
  GraphQL API, Azion GraphQL, accounted data, product metrics, dataset fields, API dataset consumption, usage data API, data querying
namespace: documentation_graphql_consumption_fields
menu_namespace: graphqlMenu
---

Each [GraphQL API dataset](/en/documentation/devtools/graphql-api/features/#datasets) has specific fields that can be used when querying for data from that dataset.

Check each available field and their descriptions below.

:::note
The consumption data is retained and available for up to *6* months.

If you're logged in with a group or reseller account, you can query the consumption of all the client accounts that are part of yours.
:::

---

> ## workloadConsumptionMetrics (Consumption)

Author: ```suggestion

## workloadConsumptionMetrics (Consumption)
```

| Field           | Description |
|---------------|-------------|
| accounted | Total amount of product usage accounted for the client. The response for this field is the result of a sum. Example: `1767504904`. |
| clientId  | Client unique identifier on Azion. Example: `8437r`. |
| countryCode | Country code associated with the usage data. It refers to edge locations where processing takes place, not the user's access location. Example: `BR`. |
| metricName | Name of the measured metric for analytics. Example: `invocations`. |
| productId | Unique identifier of the product being used. Example: `1441110021`. |
| region | Geographical region associated with the usage data. It refers to edge locations where processing takes place, not the user's access location. Example: `latam`. |
| workloadId | Identifier for the workload associated with the usage. Example: `4829301746`. |

> ### Available products usage data

Author: ```suggestion

### Available products usage data
```

| Product name | Product ID | Modules | Metric name / Calculated Field |
|---------------|-------------|---------------|-------------|
| Data Stream | 1498670028 | - | - `data_streamed`: total volume of data streamed through Data Stream.<br/>- `requests`: total number of requests processed by Data Stream. | 
| Edge Application | 1441740010 | - image_processor<br/>- edge_firewall<br/>- load_balancer<br/>- application_accelerator | - `data_transferred_total`: total amount of data transferred through Edge Application.<br/>- `requests`: total number of requests received by Edge Application.<br/>- `waf_requests`: total number of requests inspected by WAF. |

> | Edge Functions | 1531930033 | - | - `compute_time`: Total execution time (in milliseconds) of Edge Functions in milliseconds.<br/>- `invocations`: total number of times an edge function was executed. | 

Author: ```suggestion
| [Edge Functions](/en/documentation/products/guides/query-edge-functions-usage-data-with-graphql/) | 1531930033 | - | - `compute_time`: Total execution time (in milliseconds) of Edge Functions in milliseconds.<br/>- `invocations`: total number of times an edge function was executed. | 
```

> | Image Processor | 1441110021 | - | `images_processed`: total number of images processed by Image Processor. | 

Author: ```suggestion
| [Image Processor](/en/documentation/products/guides/query-image-processor-usage-data-with-graphql/) | 1441110021 | - | `images_processed`: total number of images processed by Image Processor. | 
```

:::note
The consumption data is retained and available for up to *6* months.

If you're logged in with a group or reseller account, you can query the consumption of all the client accounts that are part of yours.
:::

---

## workloadConsumptionMetrics (Consumption)

| Field           | Description |
|---------------|-------------|
| accounted | Total amount of product usage accounted for the client. The response for this field is the result of a sum. Example: `1767504904`. |
| clientId  | Client unique identifier on Azion. Example: `8437r`. |
| countryCode | Country code associated with the usage data. It refers to edge locations where processing takes place, not the user's access location. Example: `BR`. |
| metricName | Name of the measured metric for analytics. Example: `invocations`. |
| productId | Unique identifier of the product being used. Example: `1441110021`. |
| region | Geographical region associated with the usage data. It refers to edge locations where processing takes place, not the user's access location. Example: `latam`. |
| workloadId | Identifier for the workload associated with the usage. Example: `4829301746`. |

### Available products usage data

> | Product name | Product ID | Modules | Metric name / Calculated Field |

Reviewer: Bars
Azion rule:
No spaces. For example:
100 km/hr,  ⅕
```suggestion
| Product name | Product ID | Modules | Metric name/Calculated Field |
```

| Edge Application | 1441740010 | - image_processor<br/>- edge_firewall<br/>- load_balancer<br/>- application_accelerator | - `data_transferred_total`: total amount of data transferred through Edge Application.<br/>- `requests`: total number of requests received by Edge Application.<br/>- `waf_requests`: total number of requests inspected by WAF. |
| [Edge Functions](/en/documentation/products/guides/query-edge-functions-usage-data-with-graphql/) | 1531930033 | - | - `compute_time`: Total execution time (in milliseconds) of Edge Functions in milliseconds.<br/>- `invocations`: total number of times an edge function was executed. | 
| [Image Processor](/en/documentation/products/guides/query-image-processor-usage-data-with-graphql/) | 1441110021 | - | `images_processed`: total number of images processed by Image Processor. | 
| Tiered Cache | 1564082375  | - | - `data_transferred_total`: 	total amount of data transferred through Tiered Cache. <br/>- `requests`: total number of cache requests processed by Tiered Cache. |

### About countryCode and region fields

> `countryCode` and `region` fields indicate the edge locations where data processing occurs, being determined by network architecture and routing. It's important to note that this location couldn’t necessarily be the same as the location from which the user accesses the service or the origin of the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`countryCode` and `region` fields indicate the edge locations where data processing occurs, being determined by network architecture and routing. It's important to note that this location may not necessarily be the same as the location from which the user accesses the service or the origin of the data.
```

The `workloadConsumptionMetrics` uses the following regions and countries while retrieving results related to usage data:

| Region          | Country |
|---------------|-------------|

> | All Other Regions | Angola, South Africa  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| All other regions | Angola, South Africa  |
```

| Brazil | Brazil |
| Canada | Canada |

> | Europe | Deutschland, Spain, France, Great Britain, Italy, Netherlands, United Kingdom  |

Reviewer: Why was Germany the only one left in its original language?
``suggestion
| Europe | Germany, Spain, France, Great Britain, Italy, Netherlands, United Kingdom  |
```

> | Latam  | Argentina, Bolívia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, Paraguay, Uruguay, Venezuela |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Latam  | Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, Paraguay, Uruguay, Venezuela |
```

| No Region | No Region |

> | North America  | Canada, United States |

Reviewer: Is Mexico not included here?
